# OCA Project Governing Board Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 10 April 2025

**Present**: Jason Keirstead, Duncan Sparell, Vaughan Shanks, Sachin Jade,

**Regrets:**  Xiaokui Shu, David Bizeul, Rhys Thornton, Shari Finner, Vasileios Mavroeidis

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Meeting Notes**

* Jason expressed concern about the future of the Open Cybersecurity Alliance (OCA) through 2025, citing systemic issues and difficulties in justifying sponsorship renewals.   
* Vaughan echoed Jason’s concerns and brought up the question if it would be beneficial for OCA’s sub-projects to transition to a TC.  
* He notes that several OCA projects are on "life support," with limited active development and community contributions.  
* Jason highlighted that the CASP and IOB sub-projects currently have significant momentum, but other sub-projects are stagnant.  
* Vaughan and Duncan discussed the challenges of marketing benefits to academic institutions.  
* Vaughan suggested changing the focus to publishing and relevance, rather than marketing, to make a pitch for OCA more appealing to academics.   
* Vaughan discussed the potential benefits of an OCA membership for a small company like his, emphasizing the need for international networking and interoperability.   
* Sachin agreed, highlighting the importance of showcasing the group's work to a larger audience and leveraging new technologies like MCP and AI for marketing and expansion. They both suggested a roadshow approach with the OCA sub-projects to promote their work and encourage participation.  
* Vaughan suggests creating an interoperability village at DEFCON, proposing it as an opportunity for community members to present and demonstrate their work. The group agrees to discuss this idea further with Jane, the events manager, in an upcoming meeting that Claudia will arrange.

**Next steps**

* Claudia to schedule a follow-up meeting with Rita, Jane, Kelly and interested PGB members for next week.  
* Jason to explore the idea of adding MCP support to STIX Shifter internally.  
* PGB members to consider ways to reinvigorate OCA and explore the TC option.  
* Sachin to investigate pushing for more internal developer and engineering ecosystem involvement in OCA projects, particularly around MCP and cybersecurity.
