# OCA PGB meeting, 3 July 2025 -- DRAFT

**Present:** Duncan Sparrell (SFractal), Gershon Janssen (OASIS Board Chair and President), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Sachin Jade (Cyware), Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFC), Vaughan Shanks (Cydarm \- joined 30 min. in)

## Summary

* **OCA Project Transition Strategies**  
  * Gershon provided an update on discussions with Jason and Vaughn about the decline in OCA membership and activity, exploring ways to reinvigorate the community.   
  * The group discussed strategies for addressing declining membership in OCA projects and potential sunsetting options. They explored the possibility of moving active projects to TCs with similar topics to host them as subprojects.  
  * Gershon reported that Jamie confirmed there are no IPR concerns regarding moving OP work to a TC, provided the projects are open source and a willing TC is found.  
* **PGB Membership and Sustainability Concerns**  
  * The group discussed the sustainability of the PGB project, with Duncan raising concerns about maintaining sufficient membership and financial support. Gershon acknowledged that while there are active subprojects, the organization doesn't have a strict minimum threshold for membership, but rather considers factors like energy levels and affordability.  
  * The discussion revealed that some active members, including Jason and Vaughan, may be planning not to renew their sponsorship, leading to questions about the project's future viability.  
  * Claudia highlighted that the project currently has seven active sponsors but noted that one sponsor is likely to drop soon. She stressed the importance of having more than one sponsor and strong leadership to keep the project alive. Duncan emphasized that the project's relevance and interest cannot only be determined by the number of active contributors.  
  * Duncan and Claudia discussed the status of open source projects under OCA, with Duncan highlighting that while some projects like CASP are active, others like Pace have no contributions. Claudia acknowledged that while some projects like CASP and IOB are thriving, others like Kestrel and STIX-Shifter have become a lot less active after losing their original sponsors.   
  * Gershon noted that the discussion should focus on the overall sustainability of the projects rather than just contribution levels, and mentioned that Vaughn and Jason had previously raised concerns about project activity.  
  * Duncan emphasized the need to distinguish between revenue and contributions, while Gershon suggested considering new models for projects that are worth preserving. Vasileios proposed integrating these projects more closely with technical committees and highlighted the importance of strategic leadership in driving project development.  
  * The discussion concluded with an acknowledgment that more data and forecasting are needed to assess the viability of these projects.  
* **OCA Sponsorship and PGB Participation**	  
  * The group discussed concerns about declining sponsorship for OCA and the need for broader PGB participation. Gershon proposed scheduling a larger meeting in late July or early August to present cleaned-up documentation of options to the PGB.   
  * Duncan clarified the distinction between PGB membership and sponsorship contributions, emphasizing that while some projects are inactive, overall participation remains strong.  
  * The group agreed to share relevant documents with all PGB members next week to allow time for review before the August PGB meeting  
    

## Next steps

* Claudia to a document with options for OCA's future, including Jamie's suggestions about open repositories and TCs.  
* Claudia to send a reminder to PGB members about the scheduled August meeting and encourage participation.

