# OCA Project Governing Board Meeting
## Date: 1 February 2024

**Present:** Jason Keirstead (Cyware), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal), Vaughan Shanks (Cydarm),

**Regrets:** Eddie Mitchell (Analyst 1), Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFIC), Rich Telljohann (IBM), David Bizeul (Sekoia), Brad Thomas (Prophecy), Eric Pinnell (CIS), Xiaokui Shu (TSC rep)

**Guests:** Roseann Guttierrez (IBM), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

## Agenda and Notes

* Call to order
* Update on Interoperability Village Event - April 9-12
  * Need to spread the word, especially to vendors who are using STIX/TAXII, CACAO, OpenC2, etc.
  * Duncan: Also be good to get the customers of the vendors and competitors
  * Would like to use the OCA sponsor logos on the website. 
  * Do we need permission? 
    * General consensus is no since they are already on the OCA website. Doesnâ€™t mean participation, just support for the effort.
  * Overall marketing effort - share the answers to the registration questions to the planning team so they can follow up. Kelly to follow up with Jane H.
* CACAO Roaster & OXA
  *  OXA
     * Delay due to primary sponsor time constraints
     * David reported via email prior to the meeting that he plans to demo during the CASP event
     * OXA effort will have a soft launch at this CASP event in April
  * CACAO Roaster
    * Now live on OCA GitHub
    * Active development on functions and features
    * Community Connect - Feb 20 - Roseanne will be doing an interview with Vasilieos on CACAO Roaster
    * ACTION ITEM for OASIS: This needs to be added to the OCA website.
    * Dunan would like to see this project have a page on the OCA website. This new page would link to the GH. Suggests that linking straight to the GH on the homepage is not a good idea for most.
* TSC Maintainers
  * Most projects only have 1 maintainer, and 2 would be ideal
  * How can we recruit additional maintainers?
    * ACTION ITEM for OASIS: Jason would like to see a list of current maintainers
  * Further questions on the OASIS rules and how much jurisdiction the PGB has over releases and approvals
    * Disagreement on whether OCA is following the rules regarding PGB approval
    * ACTION ITEM for OASIS: Provide guidance on this issue. Listen to the recording for the full understanding of the issue. Potential support from Jamie.
* Co-Chair position
  * Mark Mastrangeli has stepped down from his Co-Chair role, because the employer for this membership elected not to renew their OCA sponsor. His new organization has not agreed to sponsor. 
  * The PGB needs to decide if a Co-Chair should be elected
  * Jason would prefer a Co-Chair and will be sending out a nomination email
  * Duncan asked if this can be part of the regular cycle for re-electing
  * Seems like the answer is no, Jason will double check the dates with OASIS support

