# OCA Project Governing Board Meeting 

## Date: 13 June 2024

**Present:** Rich Telljohann (IBM), Jason Keirstead (Cyware), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal), Vaughn Shanks (Cydarm)

**Regrets:** Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFIC), Eric Pinnell (CIS), Eddie Mitchell (Analyst 1), Rhys Thornton (Prophecy), Xiaokui Shu (TSC rep), Shari Finner (TNO)

**Guests:** 

## Agenda
* Meeting Times
  * Currently, there are two calls scheduled: one at 12pm ET and another at 3pm ET. In hindsight, this arrangement has not significantly improved attendance.
    We need to cater for attendance by members in AU and EU timezones.
      * Action: an email will be sent with the proposed best meeting times, considering different days of the week and time zones, particularly to accommodate AU and EU participants.
* Governance Document
  * Many practices are being followed by convention but are not formally documented.
  * The attendees went through draft proposals and marked them as "June 13: Accepted" after discussing each one.
  * Questions were raised regarding:
    * How to ensure that the Technical Steering Committee (TSC) knows who has signed the Contributor License Agreement (CLA).
    * Who has access to update the CLA enforcement bot.
    * The attendees agreed that using lazy consensus, as defined by the Apache Software Foundation, is acceptable (previously, the GitHub definition was used).
  * Discussion took place about the incubation process - this requires further consideration.
* Action items
  * Send an email with the proposed best meeting times.
  * Clarify the process for ensuring that the TSC knows who has signed the CLA. â€“ Claudia
  * Determine who has access to update the CLA enforcement bot. - Claudia

