# OCA Project Governing Board Meeting 

## Date: 6 March 2025

**Present:** Vaughan Shanks (Cydarm), Duncan Sparrell (SFractal), Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFIC)

**Regrets:** Jason Keirstead (Simbian), Xiaokui Shu (TSC chair), Terrence Driscoll (Cyware), David Bizeul (Sekoia), Rhys Thornton (Prophecy), Shari Finner (TNO)

**Guests:** Jane Harnad (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS)

## Agenda

* **CASP Summit Update**  
  * An update from Jane Harnad and/or Duncan regarding the current status and next steps  
* **Meshroom Project Status**  
  * Updates from Xiaokui  (TSC)  
  * Input from David Bizeul (SEKOIA)  
* **STIX Shifter Maintainer Discussion**  
  * Review of the current situation with Xiaokui   
  * Clarification on action items and responsibilities  
  * Next steps forward, as we've had a volunteer for three months with limited progress  
* **AOB**

## Meeting notes

### CASP Village Update

* Jane provided an update on the CASP event, including the confirmation of several keynote speakers.  
* Duncan suggested making several announcements regarding the keynotes to increase registration numbers.  
* Duncan also emphasizes the need to balance technical demonstrations with higher-level value propositions to attract a broader audience..

### STIX-Shifter Project Maintainership Update

* The group discusses the status of the STIX-Shifter project and the maintainer situation  
* Claudia reports that Derek from IBM is currently the main maintainer, but due to changes at IBM, he's only available for emergencies.  
* Jason had introduced a team member from Symbian who was expected to contribute updates, but this hasn't happened yet. Claudia to follow up with Jason.  
* Duncan expresses concern about the future of STIX-Shifter, as it lacks a wider base of community support and relies heavily on IBM. He suggests that the project's closed nature and lack of regular community meetings have made it difficult for volunteers to get involved.  
* Duncan emphasizes the need for the PGB to develop a governance model that encourages wider participation in corporate-sponsored projects to prevent them from dying when companies lose interest.

### Any other Business

* Vasileios shared plans to release a new version of CACAO Roaster

## Action Items:

* Jane to send out an announcement about the CASP village event, including updates on keynote speakers to all OCA and OASIS members  
* Claudia to follow up with Jerome and David regarding the status of the Meshroom project and its inclusion in the OCA repository.  
* Claudia to reach out to Jason Keirstead regarding the Maintainer situation of STIX-Shifter  
  
