# OCA Project Governing Board
## Date: 6 July 2023

**Present:** Jason Keirstead, Mark Mastrangeli, Rich Telljohann, Xiaokui Shu,

**Regrets:** David Bizeul, Allan Konar, Duncan Sparrell, Avkash Kathiriya, Ciaran Bradley, Vaughan Shanks, Brad Thomas, Adam Montville, 

**Guests:** Roseann Guttierrez, Jane Harnad (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS)

## Agenda
* Ad hoc discussion about PGB meeting cadence.
  * Select new meeting time that works for all members
  * Suggestion from Mark to have quarterly mandatory meetings, two time zones. And then ad-hoc meetings if necessary
  * ACTION: Claudia to send out poll for best times
* Status update - OCA PGB Chair
  * Jason is leaving IBM and will join OCA with his own company
  * Call for nominations for PGB co-chair will be sent to the mailing list
* Update from Jane: Blackhat USA 2023
  * Complementary booth for OASIS/OCA on the show floor
  * Jason will help staff the booth
* Update from Jane: Borderless Cyber 2023
  * Potentially an OCA related presentation by Mark
* Brief discussion of proposed updates to the OCA governance
  * Suggestion from CR / CE: the PGB members need to resolve the open issues and then vote on it
  * JK: to schedule a dedicated meeting to resolve everything 
* Status update - SPYDERRISK sub-project
* Discussion: OXA Project & how to get started
* Any other business
  * Xiaokui: what about sub-projects?
  * JK: paused architecture sub-project
