# OCA Project Governing Board Meeting
## Date: 4 May 2023

**Present:** Jason Keirstead, Mark Mastrangeli, David Bizeul, Allan Konar, Duncan Sparrell, Xiaokui Shu 

**Regrets:** Avkash Kathiriya, Ciaran Bradley, Vaughan Shanks, Brad Thomas, Adam Montville, 

**Guests:** Roseann Guttierrez, Jane Harnad, Claudia Rauch

## Agenda
* Welcome / introductions
  * Allan Konar, thatDot
  * David Bizeul, SEKOIA.IO
* Select scribe: Claudia
* RSA Update: Recap from Jason
  * Jane: OCA booth space at Black Hat
  * Jane: Borderless Cyber conference in September, CfP open now
* Update on OXA project
  * David: Claudia set up assets (GH, Slack, mailing list). Github needs to be updated. Once thatâ€™s done, the project will be officially announced.
  * Spyderisk
    * Ballot is open now. 
    * OASIS legal council is working with the university legal council to resolve the open trademark issues
* Other business
  * Duncan: CASP hybrid event planned for SBOM-ORAMA (June 14th)
  * Planning to organize CASP workshop for Borderless Cyber
