# OCA Project Governing Board
## Date: 7 December 2023

**Present:** Jason Keirstead (Cyware), Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFIC), Mark Mastrangeli (VerilyIT), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal), Xiaokui Shu (TSC rep), Rich Telljohann (IBM),

**Regrets:** David Bizeul (Sekoia), Vaughan Shanks (Cydarm), Brad Thomas (Prophecy), Eric Pinnell (CIS), Eddie Mitchell (Analyst 1)

**Guests:** Roseann Guttierrez (IBM)

## Agenda
* Ballot on approval of Standing Rules is open
* Announcement on a TSC member leaving and request to approve a new TSC member.
* Discuss the CASP project and upcoming Cybersecurity Automation Village event in March 2023 to raise awareness with PGB members, and do what we can to support
* Additional news/updates as required

## Notes
* Last regularly scheduled meeting of this year
* Standing Rule/PR
  * Other projects are doing something similar
  * Intent is is to simplify the process
  * Duncan: suggest more time between idea being discussed and the vote as he would have preferred more discussion
    * Suggests email activity should not be a disqualifier when on a LOA. Discourages participation 
      * ACTION: Need to go back and consider rewriting this language as Duncan believes that contribute to a mailing list during a LOA should not end the LOA. Seen this go poorly in other projects (TCs).             Extend the ballot deadline to allow for revoting. 
* TSC Announcements
  * Danny Elliott leaving IBM soon 
  * IBM has requested that Azam take this seat as he will not run that project internally at OASIS
    * MOTION:  PGB approve Azam as new TSC Rep for the STIX Shifter 
    * SECOND: Rich Telljohann
    * DISCUSSION: None
    * Needs to be relayed to the OGB to ensure no other dissent, pending none, Azam will be the new TSC rep for STIX Shifter
  * Duncan Sparrell will step back from this TSC
    * Since Duncan is not tied to any specific project, no immediate concerns to backfill his current role
    * Will remain on the PGB
* Cybersecurity Automation Village in March 2024
  * [https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/casp/tree/main/Plugfests/2024-03-NorthernVirginia](https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/casp/tree/main/Plugfests/2024-03-NorthernVirginia)
  * [https://www.cybersecurityautomationvillage.org/](https://www.cybersecurityautomationvillage.org/)
  * Documentation intended to highlight value propositions (for decision makers) supported by playbooks and other technical assessments.
  * Intent: physical demonstration to support the value propositions.
  * Hybrid and virtual event, 2 days. Â½ day prep for presenters before.  
  * Call to action: do what you can to increase knowledge of this event. Great potential for this event. 
* Other Business
  * Updating master graphic - Rich offered graphic help to Jane for re-doing the banner. 
  * Wants to simplify the OCA projects and how they fit together
  * Rich, JK, and Duncan to discuss what to do. Ideal to have this discussion before the holiday break so there are options to review in January. 

