# OCA Project Governing Board
## Date: 4 January 2023

**Present:** Jason Keirstead (Cyware), Eddie Mitchell (Analyst 1), Vasileios Mavroeidis (CYENTIFIC), Rich Telljohann (IBM), Mark Mastrangeli (VerilyIT),

**Regrets:** David Bizeul (Sekoia), Vaughan Shanks (Cydarm), Brad Thomas (Prophecy), Eric Pinnell (CIS), Duncan Sparrell (sFractal),  Xiaokui Shu (TSC rep)

**Guests:** Roseann Guttierrez (IBM), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

## Agenda and Notes

* Introduction Eddie Mitchell, new PGB representative from Analyst 1
* Ballot on standing rules has not receive enough votes - consensus to leave it open,; two members voted during the meeting. 
* Update on CACAO Roaster, Vasileois says release date in mid-January
  * Action item: Claudia to work with Vasileios on announcement for OCA website
* CASP Cybersecurity Automation Village / plugfest event taking place in March 2024 in DC
  * There will be separated dedicated meetings to plan this event. More info via the [CASP mailing list](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oca-casp) 
* Jane: OCA booth at RSA 2024 - getting the discussion started. Workshop proposal was not accepted. 
  * Jason asks about booth presentation. Jane says OCA booth is small,
  * Suggestion from Jane: OCA sponsor companies, who will usually have bigger booths, could give OCA focussed presentations at their booths. PGB / Jane could help with content
